and then she will call everyone
you're painting look yeah because of me
yes because of you when the drawing
teacher called Molly incisor
all right then I'll not speak to any one
of you I think you should not have laugh
at him
yes you're right but what do we do no
you will not talk to us let's ask one to
help us hello dear friends hello
what's the matter friends why do you
look so sad oh why you we hurt our
friend Bobby
we made fun of him that's really bad
but where is he he just walked away
saying you won't talk to us yes Lori why
you let's find him meanwhile you tell me
what happened
hello Bobby
I heard what happened well well your
planning was like the milkmaids and
that's why it went in vain yes the
milkmaid are you well
alright once upon a time there was a
young milkmaid
she lived in a small town mom I'm going
to the town to sell milk is there
anything you need from town no dear well
yes if you want to buy something for
yourself you can do so from the money
you get by selling the mill thank you
mom I want to make a lot of money by
selling milk well but if I alright
that's a good idea
oh yes I know how to make more money
I've used the money I get from the mill
to buy some hands for Farmer Brown they
shall lay eggs for me every morning and
I shall sell them to the Parson's wife
again good money for the eggs well now
what am I going to do with that money
let me think
alright I'll buy myself a new dress any
new hat wow I can see myself when I go
to the market all the young men will
come up to me and say huh little
colleges and I'll apply
how do you do handsome oh my god what's
going to happen to miss Polly sure she
would be so jealous but who cares
I'll give her a look really sorry for
the loss mom ah my child don't worry
about the loss but always remember don't
count your chickens before they hatch
did you all like the story friends well
it means one should not take things for
granted and presume but wait for them to
happen your incomplete painting yes I
don't know why you we love the stories
yes I will close a night story and I
love to listen to thank you
you always welcome friends alright
friends time to say goodbye until we
meet again bye bye friends